[The following content is intended
for viewers aged 18 and over]
[It may contain graphic imagery, sounds,
or material involving violence,
sexual themes, and strong language;
viewer discretion is advised]
[This series is a work of fiction,
and any resemblance to actual persons
or to actual events and places is coincidental]
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry...
I'm really sorry.
I know what I just did to you was...
unforgivable.
I'm sorry.
When I was kidnapped,
I got brutally beaten up.
I was forced to watch
those videos over and over,
and it felt like a living death.
But what hurt me the most
was you signing the contract with W Group.
That showed me
who you really are.
I'm so sorry.
I misjudged everything.
I didn't know
they'd go so far as to kill you.
I...
I contacted the police
and your father
because I thought
that was the best way...
to protect you.
Protect me?
If so, why did you call my father?
Why are you dragging my dad
through hell?
You already knew
how it was going to end.
My dad went bankrupt.
That's how W Group and King Group
took over VPG Group.
And you call this helping?
It wasn't my fault.
I'm not in the wrong.
Vier...
Go and ask the police
or even your father.
I was there with them.
I risked my life to save you,
but when we were there...
Whatever you say...
will never change the truth, Kelvin.
Love turned into a trap.
A friend became an enemy.
♫What is left are shadows of ourselves
standing in its place♫
♫And the scars of our pain♫
♫That will never fade away♫
♫What is left
is the gaping wound of the past♫
♫Imprisoned by the love
neither of us could never grasp♫
♫If we could turn back time,♫
♫I wonder if we'd hold each other again♫
This first-ever mobile hotel project
is designed to evolve
with the future and people's dreams.
No matter where you are,
convenience
and luxury
with world-class standards
will always be with you.
I would like to pay tribute
to the founders of King Group:
my grandfather and my mother.
[Mr. Dome Siwawat: Founder of King Group]
[Mr. Dome and his daughter, Mrs. Prim,
inspecting their first King Group hotel]
My grandfather always told me that
a hotel is not just a place of luxury,
but a home that comforts the soul.
Mr. Kelvin.
Some people claim that
you used your grandfather's name
to go after your father and brother.
What are your thoughts
on this accusation?
This has nothing to do
with today's press conference.
Not too long ago,
a rumor surfaced alleging that
your mother had an affair
that destroyed a couple's marriage.
- Oh, really?
- What? For real?!
She did so despite knowing that
Mr. Katha already had a wife and children.
What about the claim that
you had your father imprisoned
to seize power?
What do you have to say to that?
She's right.
What's the truth?
Is this true?
Please give us an answer.
Please give us an explanation.
I'd like to repeat myself.
Your questions are not relevant
to today's press conference.
I'd like everyone to focus on
what's actually important,
and that is the future of King Group.
I'd like to end today's conference here.
- Thank you.
- Please hold on!
- Mr. Kelvin!
- Give us an interview, please!
What's the truth?
- Were the rumors true?
- What about the rumors, Mr. Kelvin?
Please wait, Mr. Kelvin!
Your news went pretty viral, you know?
It stole the spotlight
from the press conference.
Wait...
Can you tell me what's going on?
Many of you must have seen
the missing person notice I put up.
Vier,
I want to tell you that...
I love you.
So it's really him.
Please have a seat.
Would you like to order anything?
No, thank you.
Uh...
You two know each other?
No, we don't.
This is Mr. Kelvin, President of King Group.
This is Nana,
my bodyguard and personal assistant.
From now on,
Nana will be taking care of my affairs.
Hello, Mr. Kelvin.
Nana, have a seat over there.
I've ordered you desserts.
Understood.
You know who's behind this mess,
don't you?
When you exposed Ken
using the evidence,
Mr. Katha became the suspect
and was arrested instead of him.
How would someone like Ken get away
if he wasn't bootlicking my dad?
What's worse is that...
My dad allowed him
to marry into the family as a son-in-law
because he's still useful to him.
However, I must warn you
not to let your guard down,
as he's trying to convince my dad
to find ways to retake King Group.
The fact that
Loyde Group has managed to grow
as big as VPG Group and King Group
in such a short amount of time
is a testament to
how great Mr. Likit truly is.
From now on,
I don't know
who's going to help whom.
Even though VPG Group is in decline,
my father's target is still King Group.
If you want to keep it,
just help me acquire Loyde Group.
It's a fair trade, a win-win.
Though I might be ambitious,
I'm not greedy like my father.
I just want to regain my freedom
and everything that's supposed to be mine.
I'm going to see Katha.
That's how you're addressing him?
I thought you were his son.
Since he never sees me as his son,
he's not my father.
What good would that do,
since he's serving his sentence?
He's already struggling on his own.
Since he caused this whole mess himself,
I'm going to make him put an end to it.
How so?
I have my own ways.
However, there's one thing
I'd like you to help me with.
Mr. Kelvin.
Please don't fire me.
Nothing really happened
between Mr. Vier and me.
He got me drunk, and...
I passed out.
There's really nothing more than that.
I beg you.
Mr. Vier's heart belongs only to you.
I have proof.
Mr. Kelvin...
My wife is so close to her due date.
If I were to lose this job now,
I wouldn't be able to take care of my family.
What proof?
If you visit his secret bar,
you'll understand everything.
I've told you everything I know.
Could you please give me another chance?
You have a wife.
You should've been loyal to her.
From now on,
don't ever come back into my life.
Leave. Now.
Understood.
No wonder
I couldn't find Vier.
It's because you've taken him.
Can I ask you something?
Why do you want to work with Mr. Kelvin?
To catch a lion,
a wolf won't be enough.
I see!
Mr. Likit is the lion.
If possible,
I want him to have nothing left.
It's time to go to the airport.
Oh!
I suddenly have a stomachache.
I must've had too much cake.
Would it be okay if I took sick leave?
What kind of stomachache?
Do you want to go to the hospital?
It's okay.
You need to go to the airport.
I'll go see a doctor myself.
See a doctor and take a rest.
Thank you.
Whoa.
There are this many security cameras?
There's a chance Vier is being held here.
Hello.
My name is Nana.
I'm not sure if you remember me.
Ms. Lalyn asked me
to give you something on her behalf.
What is it?
Treats.
So you're done with your khao soi business?
So...
You've really been stalking us.
Us?
What gives you the right
to call yourselves "us"?
Vier is with you, isn't he?
Is he being held here with you?
I'm going to report this to the police.
Go ahead.
I'll also sue you for trespassing.
Then Lalyn will find out
who you really are
and what you really do.
What...
What do you know?
I don't need to answer.
You'd better leave now.
If you're not leaving,
then I'll call the police.
Hey!
Fine, I'll leave.
Someone got you treats.
Enjoy your treats.
[Enjoy your treats, Lalyn and Nana]
Hey!
What are you doing?
Ow.
Come on, sis.
You're still just as harsh as ever.
And you're still
as much of a crybaby as ever.
All you care about is stock, not me.
Stay out of it.
And...
Is my brother-in-law not here?
Don't mention him again
if you don't want to die.
Whoa!
That was just a tease, alright?
You'll kill me over that?
By the way, Lyn,
I've got good news for you.
I've found our little brother.
He said he's been working here in Thailand.
Well, that's perfect.
You'd better invite him to dinner with us.
I also want to meet him.
From now on, the three of us
will get to see each other again.
I can't wait to tell our dad about this.
Why aren't you happy I found our brother?
It's because I'm happier to see you, son.
Hey.
You'd better get some good rest
after such a tiring trip.
I'm going to introduce you
to our shareholders tomorrow.
Lavid, my bro.
You're home already?
Sorry. I've been busy.
That's why I got home so late.
I'm having a party tomorrow.
Care to join me?
I'm not up for a party, actually.
I just got a job.
What job?
I'll be working as a psychologist
at a psychiatric clinic.
I let you study psychology
because you were still young.
But you've graduated now.
Wouldn't it be better
if you helped our company instead?
I don't like working in the business world,
and I never will.
You've already got Lyn on your side.
She's the best.
Even so, she's still a woman.
Then ask our youngest brother, Dad.
Uh...
Vid.
Youngest brother?
Who's that?
Our youngest brother, of course.
He studied business management.
I think he can help Dad and Lyn.
Father.
Lavid is still young.
He still doesn't understand
his father's good intentions.
If he's not ready,
then let him enjoy life
to the fullest first.
As for the company side of things,
I'll help you take care of it.
It's not that I'm enjoying... It's just...
So all you want
is to take over the company, huh?
You just got off
the money laundering case, huh.
Come on, Lyn.
That was nothing but a misunderstanding.
The culprit
was that old dog, Katha.
He's been using me for a long time,
to the point that
I almost got arrested twice.
What?
Isn't he your father?
Katha and I...
We share the same blood,
but only half.
Now we've cut ties.
The only father I have...
is Likit,
the one who gave me a new life.
From now on,
my life belongs to him.
I must've had too much food.
I'm feeling a bit sick.
Please continue.
I'll have to go now.
Lyn.
Lavid.
You only have a year.
After a year,
no matter the circumstances,
you'll have to work at the company.
Let me pour you some wine, Dad.
Go find out
who Likit's youngest son is.
Kelvin?
"I heard you like cake,
so I got you one."
Vier is with you, isn't he?
I'm going to report this to the police.
I'll also sue you for trespassing.
Then Lalyn will find out
who you really are
and what you really do.
Ms. Lyn?
What are you doing here?
Your table was a bit messy,
so I tidied it up.
Look.
It's much emptier now.
Pretty neat.
Thank you.
You haven't eaten the cake in the fridge?
Oh...
I haven't.
Well...
I had an upset stomach,
so...
I don't want to eat anything.
What did the doctor say?
Were you given any medicine?
I was told I had food poisoning.
I've taken my medicine,
and I'm about to go to bed.
Go get some rest.
I'll cook you something light tomorrow.
Good night.
You can't go in there.
Log...
You're happy with the surprise
I prepared for you, aren't you?
Remember this feeling, alright?
From now on,
I'll make you even happier.
I know...
you've been through a lot
and want a place to call home.
That's why I want this to be our home.
The puppy your mother gave you...
it was the only one in the world.
I couldn't bring it back,
so I made this wooden dog model
with great care.
Let it forever be on your side.
Your mother and your dog
will always be watching over you
from heaven, Kelvin.
No matter how scarred
or hurt your heart is,
I'll mend it for you.
I'll never let anyone
hurt or pick on you again.
Let me be your home,
a place that
brings you warmth and happiness.
Take a seat.
Yes.
Whoa.
You made everything yourself?
Not really.
The porridge I bought is good.
I thought I'd get to try your food.
I can't cook, actually.
Are you sick, Ms. Lyn?
If you'd excuse me...
After sitting for a long time,
you should get up,
take a break, and stretch.
What is this key?
Why are you always carrying it?
It's for my house.
But I haven't been there in a long time.
What about your family?
Aren't they missing you?
They are.
They must really miss me.
Why do you have to look...
this sad
all the time?
Do you know you have a beautiful smile?
You'll look older than you are!
Sure.
Is there something troubling you, Ms. Lyn?
I met an idiot last night.
It's bugging me.
Just thinking about it annoys me.
It's okay.
It's nothing.
Let me show you how it's done.
When meeting an idiot,
feel free to pull out this killer move.
You're sure to catch everyone off guard.
Hey!
How did you do that, Ms. Lyn?
How was that
for a killer move?
Do you still have the strength to struggle?
You...
should take care of yourself, too.
You're studying
and working at the same time.
You're living alone, too.
You're an amazing girl, you know?
Stay home today.
Don't follow me to work.
What a relief.
She didn't suspect me of anything.
This guy...
What's he doing here?
Let me in.
No.
Are you a psycho?
I'll call Lalyn if you don't.
What is it?
Where are you going?
Ow!
What is it?
I want to know what Vier saw
after a year in Chiang Mai.
Why has he changed so much?
Are you mentally okay?
While Vier was in Chiang Mai,
he was very happy
until he came across the poster.
What's with the silence?
You're speechless, aren't you?
You say you love him,
but your actions beg to differ.
Do you know
how much your actions
have mentally scarred him?
What?
What a psycho.
[Community-Oriented Police Station]
Why did you bring me here?
I brought you here to meet someone.
Maybe you'll feel better.
His condition...
Why is he like that?
He's willing to serve the sentence
for his beloved son.
Kelvin.
You're here to humiliate me, aren't you?
Just you fucking wait.
Your life will be in ruins,
you fucking bastard.
Good.
It's good to see
you're still in your right mind.
With that said,
I'll tell them
to treat you with special care.
Kelvin!
You dare do this to your own father?!
You ungrateful bastard!
It must've hurt, right?
But it's not as bad
as what mom had to go through.
You're just like your mother.
Worthless!
Just you wait.
Ken is going to save me.
You think?
Has he ever paid you a visit?
There's no point in threatening me!
He's going to find a way to get me out.
Just you fucking wait.
That was nothing
but a misunderstanding.
The culprit
was that old dog, Katha.
He's been using me for a long time,
to the point that
I almost got arrested twice.
What?
Isn't he your father?
Katha and I...
We share the same blood,
but only half.
Now we've cut ties.
The only father I have
is Likit...
Liar.
That wasn't Ken's voice.
That wasn't my son's voice!
You fabricated
the audio recording, didn't you, Kelvin?!
I also couldn't believe
your beloved son would be like this.
Kelvin, you fucking liar!
I don't buy that shit!
Soon after you were sentenced,
Ken and Lalyn got married.
Oh!
As a cherry on top,
he changed his surname to Kiatvorakul.
After that, he became
the vice president of Loyde Group.
If he really wants to come and save you,
how could I stop him?
You...
Kelvin!
You abhorrent son of a bitch!
You shitty son!
You!!
You bastard!
You're the real bastard!
You stole everything from Grandpa and Mom.
You deserve everything that came your way.
My sons are bastards!
So am I!
Kelvin.
Help me, son.
I've learned my lesson.
I've admitted my guilt, Kelvin.
I shouldn't have done it
to your grandpa and your mother.
Help me out of jail, son.
Save me, please!
Kelvin.
Fine.
But you must admit it.
Admit that
you became his son-in-law
to steal everything from him.
On top of that, make the truth
about Ken
being an illegitimate child go public.
Then I might help.
Sure.
I'll spit it out, son.
Get the recorder ready.
Kelvin.
When are you going to free me, Kelvin?
Tell me when, son?
I've changed my mind.
Actually,
this place is perfect for you.
No, Kelvin.
Kelvin.
Get me out, son.
Kelvin!
Goodbye.
Boss.
Would you like me to send
the apology letter right now?
Send it along with the PR media.
Understood.
You've got plans for handling the news?
You can still see
right through me, can't you?
Off with the nonsense.
I don't care,
especially about your family matters.
A year that you were away...
I put my heart
into maintaining this room
so that we could cherish our memories.
I never lie to you.
[Share Transfer Agreement]
Every single promise I've made,
I remember it all.
You think that
I still care about the money?
I know that
you care more about the feelings.
And I'm well aware
that I once did something bad.
However, that was already over.
Now, I'm here to protect you.
You still love me, don't you?
If that weren't the case,
you wouldn't have let me
into the secret bar.
I didn't let you in
so that you'd stop being delusional.
If I were to care,
it'd be because I felt bad
getting to spend time with you.
At first,
my goal was to use you.
But when you bailed me out of jail,
I knew that the one who would stand
by my side for my whole life was you.
I love you.
I no longer love you.
Understand?
You're lying.
Say it again
that you don't love me.
Say it!
Say that you no longer love me.
Say it.
Fine.
That's okay.
I'll make you love me again.
Is Ken Siwawat
really a mistress's son?
No, don't say that.
The proper term is "illegitimate child."
I'm going to make you pay, Kelvin.
I was really happy last night.
What about you?
Shall we have something delicious?
What's on your mind?
When are you going to let me go?
I've given you everything you want.
What else do you need from me?
Why are you asking me that?
I just want to be with you,
taking care of you.
I told you that I didn't need this.
You didn't?
What about last night?
Think of it what you will.
But I've got no feelings for you.
Fine.
We're not stopping for a meal, then.
I'll make you love me again.
We'll be together forever.
Congratulations.
Your mobile hotel
is now the talk of the town.
And everybody now knows that
Ken is the illegitimate child
no one ever accepted.
He gave me the knife,
so I used him
as a tool, the most effective PR medium,
for the King Group.
Ken will never back down,
and neither will my father.
If we want to take down the Loyde Group,
a company that does shady business,
attacking it from the front
is simply not enough.
You need to attack it from behind.
15 years ago,
the Loyde Group
jointly developed hotels with NT.
The largest hotel chain in Thailand?
Had it not gone bankrupt,
there would be no King Group today.
Correct.
NT was in shambles after collaborating
with the Loyde Group.
Those two jointly developed
hotel projects together.
An accident occurred
at the construction site,
ending a married couple's life.
Then the project was halted.
My father never let anyone
bring it up again.
What happened next?
That promising project
shouldn't be scrapped so easily.
I think something was up.
Perhaps it's the key
to taking down the Loyde Group.
Who knows?
Can I ask you something?
Why would someone
who once really loved us
suddenly say
they had no feelings for us at all?
I don't get it.
I think it's something
you should ask yourself.
Don't be so naive.
There must be a reason.
A reason?
A cause...
No feelings for me...
No feelings?
Oh!
I get it now.
I have to take him to a doctor.
I have to take my leave now.
Lavid.
Anything urgent?
Why did you call me so many times?
I can't contact Lalit.
I talked to him only a year ago,
saying we'd meet each other
after returning from Malaysia.
But he said something came up
and he would contact me later.
I've never heard from him since.
Lalit?
I knew a person
with the same name.
But I don't think it's the same person
because he's Vier's assistant.
Vier?
Hold on...
Is this him?
That one.
Lalit said that
he was working as an assistant.
I never thought it would be Vier.
If I go to see him now,
then I might get to meet Lalit.
Wait.
Vier is being held by Kelvin.
I don't think
you'd get to meet him that easily.
Who's Kelvin?
Why is he holding Vier?
It's Vier's boyfriend.
Boyfriend?
Well...
What should we do?
Hello, Mr. Kelvin.
I'm Lavid.
You must be the psychiatrist
recommended by Lalyn.
I think my sister must've shown you
my profile and certificate.
If there isn't any problem,
I'd like to examine the patient first.
Okay.
Follow me.
This way.
Vier.
This is Mr. Lavid.
He's a psychiatrist.
A psychiatrist?
Treating me?
Yes.
I think...
your past must have caused you trauma.
So you don't have any feelings toward me
and can't forgive me.
So I thought...
if you were properly treated mentally,
everything would get better.
Come on.
Even I
try to change myself for you.
You think
apologizing
can just undo everything?
And me not forgiving you
means that
there's something wrong with me?
Is that how it is?
I thought you'd changed,
but not in the slightest.
The one who needs the psychiatrist is you,
not me.
I know that
I might've made you
feel uncomfortable.
Get out.
No.
Get out!
Uh...
How about this, Mr. Kelvin?
I think the patient has
an unstable mental state.
It's best for you to leave.
Fine.
Then I'll stay here.
My apologies.
Mental health therapy sessions
must be conducted in private;
otherwise, the patient
won't feel comfortable opening up.
In the end,
we won't be able to address the issue
between the two of you effectively.
Mr. Kelvin.
Kindly respect the patient's needs.
Security cameras can't see us here.
So let's talk here.
Your name's Lavid, correct?
I feel like I've met you before.
So you remember me?
I'm here to help you.
Right...
You can trust me.
I'm Lalyn's younger brother.
When both of us knew that
you had been held here by Kelvin,
we started planning.
The first step is
to at least get closer to you.
Lalyn and I aren't close.
So why are you helping me?
Lalit is our younger brother.
You're the one Lalit has been looking for?
You're his older brother?
Mm.
Lalit is the youngest sibling.
After Mom gave birth to him,
she passed away.
Dad believed that
Lalit was cursed with bad luck,
so he sent him to live with Grandma.
She was furious,
severing the tie between us since then.
The two of us haven't heard from him since.
He's probably still in Malaysia,
taking care of his grandmother.
At first, I was going to see him there,
but he abruptly changed his plan.
He missed his flight.
But...
After that,
he must have made it back to Malaysia.
He said he'd contact me later,
but I ended up losing my phone.
Recovering all of the data and contacts
took quite a long while.
Then I sent him some more texts,
but he never got back to me.
He often replies to messages late.
I'll do you a favor and call him.
No answer?
He must...
not have been carrying his phone with him.
Once I can contact him, I'll get back to you.
Wait...
That scar.
What happened to you?
I must've got it
back when I was kidnapped.
It was just an accident, though.
I don't mind it that much.
As far as I can tell,
you don't seem
to have any problems.
Then why are you being locked up by Kelvin?
The real patient
is probably the one holding me here.
And...
Has he ever hurt you?
I think
he's probably been hurting himself.
Between you and him,
what's the relationship like?
Why didn't you tell your family
or call the police?
You must've loved him really much, then.
It's more like I feel pity for him.
I still care about him.
Maybe I've really gone insane.
From what I've heard from the patient,
we need a lot more time
until he's willing to open up.
Right now,
he's not ready to give me any info.
I'll prescribe anxiolytic drugs
and sleeping tablets to him.
The patient needs a lot of rest.
More importantly,
don't pressure or press him.
I have to take my leave now.
From now on,
I won't pressure or demand anything from you.
I want you to be happy
and become who we used to be.
♫Countless memories♫
♫That cut you deep♫
♫I know there's no way♫
♫To make things right again,♫
♫'Cause I once believed
I couldn't love at all♫
♫Never saw your worth until the fall♫
♫If I knew how to love you right,♫
♫I wouldn't live in regret tonight♫
♫I hope the stars would hear my plea,♫
♫I don't want this pain inside of me♫
♫I need you♫
♫Only you♫
♫There's one thing you should know♫
♫I'm sorry I once broke your heart♫
♫I'm sorry for making you cry♫
♫I'm sorry I was so unkind
while calling you mine,♫
♫Keeping you close, just by my side♫
♫I'm sorry I once broke your heart♫
♫I'm sorry for making you cry♫
♫I'm sorry I was so unkind
while calling you mine,♫
♫Keeping you close, just by my side♫
♫I'm sorry I once was so heartless and cold♫
♫The truth is I love you with all of my soul♫
♫Just one more chance, let me prove it to you♫
♫Let me show you how much I love you♫
♫How much I love you♫
♫Just one more chance, let me prove it to you♫
♫Let me show you how much I love you♫